Single Shot	basic bonus	Equips the Player with Single Shot
(1 bullet fire)

Double Shot	basic bonus	Equips the Player with Double Shot
(2 bullet fire)

Triple Shot	basic bonus	Equips the Player with Triple Shot
(3 bullet fire)

Quad Shot	basic bonus	Equips the Player with Quad Shot
(4 bullet fire)

Extra Speed	basic bonus	Increases the Players' Ship Movement Speed.
(visually displayed by the blue Speed bar on the left)

Extra Bullet	basic bonus	Increases the Players' Ship Bullet Count.
(visually displayed by the orange Bullet bar on the left)

Extra Time	basic bonus	Increases the Players' Time Stat. Increasing active bonus durations and time in the Memorystation
(visually displayed by the green Time bar on the left)

Extra Bullet Speed	hidden bonus Increases the Players' Ship Bullet Speed.
(visually displayed by the red Bullet Speed bar on the left)(this is unlocked after passing Level 100)

$10	basic bonus	Adds $10 to the Players total money.
(total value displayed in the top left)

$50	basic bonus	Adds $50 to the Players total money.
(total value displayed in the top left)

$100 	basic bonus	Adds $100 to the Players total money.
(total value displayed in the top left)

$200	basic bonus	Adds $200 to the Players total money.
(total value displayed in the top left)

Extra Life	basic bonus	Grants an Extra Life
(stacking up to four. collecting with 4 lives already will reward a Ship Armour instead. If both Ship Armours have already been collected, it will grand bonus points instead.)

Random Bonus	basic bonus	Grants an random Bonus on collection
(typically they can be anything apart from Rank Markers, but the loadout is affected by the games hidden "Skull Counter"see below and any secret Profile Bonuses applied.)

Ship Autofire	basic bonus	Grants Autofire
(holding down the fire button will produce continuous fire. fire rate is dependant on your Bullet stat.)

Shield	basic bonus	Grants a Shield
(temporarily conjures a shield around the ship, protecting from hostile bullets and projectiles)

Alien Scoop	basic bonus	Grants a Scoop
(temporarily conjures a suction vacuum which will bring Aliens to your ships' side.) (Using the Scoop while you already have two Aliens fighting for you will repel them away instead. This is a Game Secret. Clearing a level by using only a Scoop and without firing a single bullet, will grant you 10 Rockets.)

Money Bomb	basic bonus	Turns all basic Aliens on screen into Money
(Mother Aliens will always drop Rank Markers instead.)

Gem Bomb	basic bonus	Turns all basic Aliens on screen into Gems
(Mother Aliens will always drop Rank Markers instead.) (Pressing the "Down Arrow" key will drag the Gems towards your ship. This is a Game Secret.)

Extra - Letter "E"	basic bonus	Awards the Player with the Letter "E"
(collected and displayed on the left.)

Extra - Letter "X"	basic bonus	Awards the Player with the Letter "X"
(collected and displayed on the left.)

Extra - Letter "T"	basic bonus	Awards the Player with the Letter "T"
(collected and displayed on the left.)

Extra - Letter "R"	basic bonus	Awards the Player with the Letter "R"
(collected and displayed on the left.)

Extra - Letter "A"	basic bonus	Awards the Player with the Letter "A"
(collected and displayed on the left.)

Rank Marker - Red	basic bonus	Awards the Player with a Red Rank Marker
(collected and displayed on the left.)

Rank Marker - Orange	basic bonus	Awards the Player with an Orange Rank Marker
(collected and displayed on the left.)

Rank Marker - Yellow	basic bonus	Awards the Player with a Yellow Rank Marker
(collected and displayed on the left.)

Rank Marker - Green	basic bonus	Awards the Player with a Green Rank Marker
(collected and displayed on the left.)

Rank Marker - Blue	basic bonus	Awards the Player with a Blue Rank Marker
(collected and displayed on the left.)

Rank Marker - Purple	basic bonus	Awards the Player with a Purple Rank Marker
(collected and displayed on the left.)

Rank Marker - Dark Purple ・ (hidden bonus) ・ Demotes the Player by 1 Rank
(only obtainable after completing Game Secret #14, and thus earning you Game Secret #27 when collected)

Bonus-Meteorstorm	Meteorstorm	basic bonus	Begins the Meteorstorm Bonus Level
(this will clear the current level, and the next one commences after completion.)

Bonus-Memorystation	MemoryStation	hidden bonus	Begins the Memorystation Bonus Level
(this will clear the current level, and the next one commences after completion.)

Decrease Strength - Red	basic bonus	Demotes your equipped weapon, and lowers your speed stat
(Collecting 3 of these will grant you the Gem Counter. This is a Game Secret)

Decrease Strength - Green	basic bonus	Demotes your equipped weapon, and lowers your time stat
(Collecting 3 of these will grant you the Meteorstorm Multiplier. This is a Game Secret)

Decrease Strength - Blue	basic bonus	Demotes your equipped weapon, and lowers your bullet stat
(Collecting 3 of these will grant you the Blue Money bonus. This is a Game Secret)

x2 Score Multiplier	basic bonus	Temporarily activates a x2 Point Multiplier
(any points earnt, will be doubled. the duration of which is defined by the Players' Time Stat on the left)

x5 Score Multiplier	basic bonus	Temporarily activates a x5 Point Multiplier
(any points earnt, will be pentupled. the duration of which is defined by the Players' Time Stat on the left)

Cash Doubler	hidden bonus	Doubles the current total Cash the Player has
(the current cash value is displayed in the top left.)
(Collecting a Money Doubler with no Cash will instead add an extra 30 second to your Extra Time bar. This is part of the Game Secrets. A money doubler that maxes out at $99,990 will give you an additional point bonus. A money doubler will FAIL if your current cash is above $500,000)

Mirror Mode	hidden bonus	Mirrors the Player Ship, allowing you to technically control 2 ships at once.
(the duration is determined by the Time Stat)

Drunk Mode	hidden bonus	Reverses the Movement Controls of the Player
("Left Arrow" key moves your ship right, and "Right Arrow" key moves you left. the duration is determined by the Time Stat)
(Successfully navigating a Meteorstorm whilst drunk earns you extra points, and unlocks the first God Badge!)

Freeze Mode	hidden bonus	Freezes the Level, allowing you to freely move amongst frozen Aliens
(the duration is determined by the Time Stat)

Warp Forward	hidden bonus	Used to warp forward through space