User Player Ranks (or just simply Ranks), are one of the games rating systems. They serve as one of your main objectives for your adventures.

Overview
Ranks are a game mechanic designed to give a general outline of your games' progress. Each new game will automatically start you with the lowest rank, Ensign. The idea is, you are working your way up the position hierarchy. You start as a new enlisted recruit, and your goal is to see yourself promoted to the very best. Your final rank upon your sessions' Game Over will net you additional score points to your final high score. Aside from adding an additional collection element to the game, Ranks serve no competitive purpose to the gameplay. (That's to say, regardless of your current rank, it does not change the game difficulty or give you additional extras like money or weapons.)

Obtaining
Under normal gameplay, you are able to rank up by collecting the 6 rainbow coloured Rank Markers. Upon leaving the shop with them in your inventory, they are automatically removed and your new rank will be displayed. Rank Markers are dropped as random loot from the Mother Aliens, The Mother Ship, and the Boss Ships. They may also be obtained by matching a pair in a MemoryStation. Because new ranks can only be granted every time you leave the shop, it is only possible to rank up every 5 Levels. (excluding every 25th Boss Level).

Rank List
Ranks can be separated into 4 general categories. Regular, Expert, Hidden, and God. Normal gameplay will see you only be able to obtain both regular and expert ranks. Hidden ranks require in-game conditions to be met before they can become unlocked, and the Warblade God Planet Ranks are the ultimate prize for the player. Only hardcore players will ever see these.

Regular Ranks
These Ranks are obtainable by collecting all 6 Rainbow Rank Markers and exiting The Shop.

01	Ensign
02	Lieutenant
03	Commander
04	Captain
05	Admiral
06	Admiral 1 Bronze Star
07	Admiral 2 Bronze Star
08	Admiral 3 Bronze Star
09	Admiral 1 Silver Star
10	Admiral 2 Silver Star
11	Admiral 3 Silver Star
12	Admiral 1 Gold Star
13	Admiral 2 Gold Star
14	Admiral 3 Gold Star

Expert Ranks
These Ranks are also obtainable by collecting all 6 Rainbow Rank Markers and exiting The Shop as normal.

15	Galactic Knight
16	Galactic Lord
17	Galactic Overlord
18	Galactic Grandmaster
19	Galactic Grandmaster 1 Gold Star
20	Galactic Grandmaster 2 Gold Star
21	Galactic Grandmaster 3 Gold Star

Hidden Ranks
These are Hidden Ranks, and are only obtainable after meeting certain criteria first, and then collecting all 6 Rainbow Rank Markers and exiting The Shop.

22	Galactic Champion
23	Galactic God

Planet Ranks
These Planet Ranks are the final hurdle available for the hardcore players. It takes a great deal of time and effort to climb this far!!

24	Galactic Pluto Rank
25	Galactic Neptune Rank
26	Galactic Uranus Rank
27	Galactic Saturn Rank
28	Galactic Jupiter Rank
29	Galactic Mars Rank
30	Galactic Tellus Rank
31	Galactic Venus Rank
32	Galactic Mercury Rank
33	Galactic Sol Rank