Weapons

Player Ship
Weapons are one of the fundamental elements within Warblade. By default, the Player starts with a basic weapon. But with the aid of the Item Shop and Bonuses, you are able to upgrade your primary. This is you main means to destroy all the Aliens. There are 9 weapons in total, and you also have the chance to gain a Secondary Weapon later on.

Changing a Weapon
There exists 2 distinct ways in order to upgrade to another weapon, but it is not the only way to change your weapon. Certain methods are only available for certain weapons, and Game Secrets can also be used to change weapons to some degree.

Bonuses
Very early game, the easiest way to upgrade your primary weapon is to defeat the Aliens, and hope they drop a Weapon Bonus. There are 4 in total;

Single Shot
Double Shot
Triple Shot
Quad Shot

The player will always normally start a new game with Single Shot. Collecting a Single Shot Bonus while you have that weapon equipped will grant you an extra bullet stat. The same goes for having any of the other weapons equipped and collecting the matching bonus.

The Item Shop
Adolescent game onwards, the only way to upgrade to much better weapons is via the Item Shop. War. I. Plasma is the most expensive and generally speaking, the best weapon in the game. It has the highest destructive power out of them all. Try to plan you weapon purchases with the forward thinking of losing it, either by Ship destruction impact, or by suckers. Armours are more valuable than Extra Lifes.

Suckers
Suckers can be dropped by aliens at any point of the game. These will always demote your currently equipped weapon. If you're trying out a weapon you've just purchased from the Shop and dislike it, this is a nice way to remove it without giving up one of your lives. (though you also lose some of your bullet, speed and/or time stats in the process).

Skullr
Skullg
Skullb

3 Sucker Strategy

Secret Bird
One of the Game Secrets allows you to collect one of all three coloured Skulls, and it will grant you Super Triple Mode! SkullrSkullgSkullb. If you've lost track of what colours you are yet to collect, take part in a Meteorstorm level, as the coloured hue of the rocks indicate which ones you are missing. (put simply, the colour of the meteorites will either be slightly green, red, or blue depending on which sucker you are missing).


Losing a Life
This is the last way to change your weapon. When you lose a life, your currently equipped weapon is demoted. Similarly to the Suckers above, every time you lose a life your bullet, speed and/or time stats will also be degraded.

Primary Weapon List
Weapon01	Single Shot
Weapon02	Double Shot
Weapon03	Triple Shot
Weapon04	Quad Shot
Weapon05	Super Triple Shot
Weapon06	Plasma Shot
Weapon07	Fireball Shot
Weapon08	Laser Beam
Weapon09	War. I. Plasma Shot

Secondary Weapon List
You are only ever able to equip 1 type of weapon as your secondary. They are always Rockets. These are given as a reward for clearing a level of all its Aliens by firing not a single bullet. They are also unlockable in the shop after a certain condition is met. They will always be given to you in packs of 10, and you can only hold a maximum of 50. You can fire them using the secondary fire key. (by default on windows, its left shift.)

Secret Bird
Clearing a Level without firing a shot is achieved by using a still active scoop Bonus-Scoop for the previous level, to repel them all away.

Secret Bird
You can unlock them for purchase in the Item Shop by getting a 90% Hit Rate above Level 25 or higher.

Modifiers
Extra Bullet Bonus-Bullet
Increasing your Extra Bullet stat is certainly a key factor in your intergalactic battles. Beginning players may think that upgrading their weapons should be their first priority. In fact however, you need a good balance between the amount of bullets you have to match your current weapon. Buying a quad shot from the first item shop is unfavourable if you are only able to fire a couple of rounds for few seconds. You can quite easily get to Level 25 with Double Shot and extra bullets alone. Make sure to consider buying Extra Bullets when you need to.

Auto Fire Bonus-Autofire
It's worth noting that Auto Fire is a very valuable asset mid game. It allows you to press and hold on your fire button, and the weapon will continuously fire. It goes without saying that this is only as effective as your Extra Bullet count allows for. Very early game with little bullets, autofire is not a good playing strategy.

Secret Bird
Super Autofire is by far a very valuable asset late game, if level count and clearance speed is you target. Using Super Autofire with something as low as Triple Shot is sometimes enough to keep you in the game until you can upgrade your weapon, because of its wide spread. You can unlock this special bonus by collecting Rank Markers in rainbow order (see Secret #10, or by purchasing it in the Shop one you've achieved a 90% hit rate above level 20.


Extra Bullet Speed Bonus-BulletSpeed
This is an extra Player Stat that unlocks after passing Level 100. This can have both a positive and negative impact on your gameplay. It doesn't appear to have much impact with the first 4 weapons, but it does have a noticable difference with Super triple onwards. The Plasma Shot is the worst with a maximum Bullet Speed as it creates a fixed gap between each shot, effectively creating a safe harbour for descending aliens.